[Music]
14 proof say your life is one big lie
here you are going about your business
believing stereotypes and then it turns
out that everything you believed is a
lie no wait really trust me here are 14
incredible facts that will probably turn
your world upside down
[Music]
number 14 there is gravity in outer
space there's gravity on the
International Space Station although
it's weaker than on the planet's surface
the astronauts are basically falling
very slowly along with the station which
results in weightlessness number 13
Napoleon was quite tall
[Music]
the average height in France at that
time was about five three to five four
which means that the Emperor at five
seven wasn't short at all
Napoleon disliked all hats preferring
smaller ones which diminished his
stature a bit and the wrong assumption
of a psychologist along with a
translators error gave birth to the
Napoleon complex term that actually has
nothing to do with Bonaparte number
twelve coke in glass bottles is
different from coke and cans yeah you're
gonna love this one
taste is affected by a whole number of
factors including touch and smell the
same drink in different vessels will
taste different to Sarah rich a food
chemist thinks that polymers covering
the insides of an aluminum can may
absorb part of the taste and smell
while glass is chemically inert it has
no taste nor smell this is probably why
coke and glass bottles is considered the
most delicious by the way
which kind is your favorite number
eleven this is how towels are stacked in
stores
some stores use all kinds of tricks for
marketing or just plain convenience this
is an example of an anti-theft solution
you have to call a shop assistant to
bring you the item you'd like to buy
number 10 the earth isn't round
it has the shape of a geoid but this
information is reserved for people who
aren't adept of the Flat Earth
hypothesis number 9 Hello Kitty isn't a
cat anthropologist Kristine Yano has
researched Hello Kitty as a mass culture
phenomenon for the last several years
and she's positive it's not a cat but a
girl a self-contained character the
proof is that you'll never see Hello
Kitty on all fours and she also has a
pet cat meow number 8
diamonds are cheap carbon in excess the
biers has a monopoly on the diamond
market the company founders first bought
diamond mines in South Africa in 1888
and then proceeded to buy in other
places where these as it turns out not
so precious dolls were mine the sky-high
prices of diamonds are the result of a
marketing ploy of the company and its
owners stin genus you're kidding
next thing you're gonna tell me is that
not all potato chips are 100% potatoes
number 7 not all potato chips are 100
percent potatoes
[Music]
the secret of smooth and even chips is
that there are only 40% potato flakes
while the West is starch flour and water
all the ingredients are mixed together
and pressed in special molds traditional
chips are thin potato slices fried in
oil and you can recognize them by their
uneven edges and texture number 6
not all paving blocks are actual blonds
now you know how these blocks are made
of course it's not done like this
everywhere but as cheaper and faster
than actually laying out the blocks
number 5 flying moths don't eat clothes
[Music]
grown moths don't make holes and clothes
their offspring do a moth is only born
and lives to lay down its eggs into fur
which then hatch and ravenous little
maggots
start eating the clothes
[Music]
number four owls have long legs everyone
knows Al's can turn their heads at a 270
degree angle but their long legs were
discovered by accident someone just
decided to lift the bird a little I'll
have to remember that number three
goldfish have a memory span of more than
three seconds
a 15 year old Australian student busted
the myth that goldfish had bad memories
and remember only the last three seconds
the school experiments show that the
fish retain associative memory for at
least six days and they're even capable
of solving simple problems such as the
need to swim to another beacon if they
haven't been fed at the first one I'm
sorry what was that about
Oh memory yeah number two
chupa chups isn't a US brand the world
renowned lollipop was conceived by Enric
Burnett from Barcelona Spain and the
logo was created by Salvador Dali
himself in Spanish the name is
pronounced with an O sound like in food
Oh yummy and number one you can't stick
your thumb into your nose don't even try
[Music]
yep this was a check you can and that's
what you've just done right hey
so which in fact has impressed you the
most
chupa chups or Hello Kitty or anything
else share your thoughts in the comments
don't forget to hit the like button and
click subscribe to join the bright side
of life okay you can take your thumb out
of your nose now
[Music]